MSSA Project
Author:Nick Terry
Date: 23/02/2018

	There are currently two different types of program I'm interested in building. A test style program and a game. I have two different ideas for the game program.

				TEST PROGRAM
	The first project type I would be interested in doing would be a program that asked the user several questions like flashcards and displayed a multiple choice  answer. If the the user answered correctly the screen would display they were correct, put a checkmark next to the correct answer, and move to the next question. If the user was incorrect it would display incorrect and put an X next to the multiple choice answer. Maybe it would also display a hint after one or two incorrect answers to help answer. 
	The program would display the number of the current question out of the total number of questions somewhere on the screen. It would also display a running current grade in the form of a percentage of right answers to wrong answers somewhere on the screen. 
	At the end of the program I would 1) display the final grade in the form of a percentage and a fraction, 2) the questions that were answered incorrectly along with their corresponding correct answers, and 3) show the time it took the user to complete the test. Maybe I could also display previous scores and times and compare them with the current results. The user would then have the option of restarting the test or exiting the program. 
	Some things I may consider in my program are user set time limits for the test. If hes studying for a test and knows hes only going to have a set time limit he can enter that time before starting. In the case that the user failed to answer all the questions in the time limit, the program would jump to the final results screen and count all the unanswered questions as incorrect. If possible maybe I could do something onscreen at certain remaining time intervals based on a percentage of the initial time limit. For example I could have a warning pop up when the user has 10% of his time remaining. I would also like to have the order of all the questions different every time the program is started. 
	The user will input all the questions and answers himself. Maybe i'll put a limit on the maximum number of questions that are able to be input. The user will have the option to write a question with more than one correct answer. The interface will be GUI and I'll step users through it with ample instructions next to each text box and text block explaining what they do. User inputs will initially be all strings when writing questions, then they will be simple button inputs to boolean true (correct) or false (incorrect) selections.

				GAME: ADVENTURE STYLE
	Another program I would enjoy working on is the strategy game. Theres a million ways to do this one. I would probably make it a text based choose your own adventure style game where the user would be presented with a page of text and at the end would be given two or more choices. The choice selection would jump the program to different locations which would contain another page of text and another two or more choices. This would continue until there enough choices and endings to actually consider it a game.
	My biggest problem with this project would be authoring a readable story. Luckily my work would be judged based on the programming and not the writing. At least if my writing is terrible people will be able to appreciate my code.
	At the beginning of the game I would have the user input his name and throughout the game that name would be referenced in the story. I could go either way with the interface of this one. If I wanted to make it a console app I could probably write and finish it with my current programming knowledge right now. I would print out the text on the console and display the choices at the end with either a 1 or 2. The program would read the input and jump to the part of the code on a SWITCH...CASE format. If I wanted to make it a GUI interface I could add a picture to go with the story on each page. 

				GAME: RPG STYLE
	If I wanted to make the game an RPG style it would have to be a GUI interface. I could have a grid style map that the user could move his marker one space at a time. At that space an event would trigger such as finding an item, enemy, or nothing. Nothing would simply result in a page of text and a picture and the user would input another direction.
	Encountering an item would add +1 to the variable representing the item and for now would have no other effect. Afterwords the user is again given the option to move . Encountering an enemy would give the user the option of attacking which would have various results depending on the values of the item variables. All dependent on the item values: 1) Health would be substracted from a total of 100. When the total = 0 you lose. 2) Damage would be dealt to the enemy. When his health (which would be a smaller number than the hero) = 0 he dies. After the enemy dies the option is given again to move. 
	Maybe I'll also give the user the option to run away after encountering an enemy. This option would return him to the previous position on the grid and he could choose another square to move to. The penelty would be a small deduction to his health.
	This pattern would continue until all the squares in the grid had been moved to in which case you win, or the hero dies whereas you would lose. Maybe I could include a dice that would give the user a random number between 1 and 6 and he could move that many spaces instead of just moving one space every turn.
	In conclusion the one project I'm leaning towards right now is the test style program. While the game ideas interest me from a programming standpoint, I really dont want to take the time to write an accompanying story as I hate writitng.